Kaushal Raj | Full-Stack Developer Portfolio
Overview
This repository hosts the personal portfolio of Kaushal Raj, a final-year Information Technology student and aspiring Full-Stack Web Developer specializing in the MERN Stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js).

The design is built on a high-contrast dark theme optimized for readability, featuring a unique, fixed background image effect that subtly personalizes the entire website.

Key Features
Custom Background Effect: Your professional photo is used as a full-page, fixed background image (background-attachment: fixed), with a semi-transparent dark overlay over the main content area to ensure maximum text readability.

Responsive Design: Fully responsive layout using Tailwind CSS ensures optimal viewing across all devices (desktop, tablet, and mobile).

Green Accent Scheme: Uses a prominent green accent color (#238636) for headings, links, buttons, and a professional glow effect on card hovers, creating a high-contrast, professional aesthetic.

Modular Sections: Clearly organized sections covering:

Hero: Personalized introduction with profile picture.

Summary: Professional overview of skills and focus areas.

Technical Skills: Detailed list of languages, frameworks, and tools (MERN, Java, Flutter, Git, etc.).

Experience: Highlights professional internships and roles.

Projects: Showcase of key applications (NextGen Nexus, Hotel Booking App).

Contact: Centralized contact information.

Tech Stack
Front-end: HTML5, Tailwind CSS, JavaScript

Design/Styling: Custom CSS for dark theme and background effects

Icons: Lucide Icons (lightweight, open-source vector icons)

Font: Google Fonts (Inter)

Setup Instructions
This portfolio is a purely static website and can be deployed directly via any standard web server or hosted on platforms like GitHub Pages, Netlify, or Vercel.

Clone the Repository:

Bash

git clone [YOUR_REPO_URL]
Navigate to the Project Directory:

Bash

cd My_portfolio
Run Locally (e.g., using a Live Server extension): Open main.html directly in your web browser.

Customization
Change Accent Color: Modify all instances of the color code #238636 (green) and its transparent version rgba(35, 134, 54, 0.4) in the <style> block of main.html.

Update Background Image: Replace ./Asset/my.jpg in the body CSS selector with your preferred image path.

Adjust Readability: To make the background image show through more (or less), change the opacity value (0.55) in the main CSS selector: background-color:rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.55);.